c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\HubPage.xbf
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\SectionPage.xbf
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Dastan.WindowsPhone.xr.xml
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Dastan.WindowsPhone.exe
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Dastan.WindowsPhone.pdb
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Dastan.WindowsPhone.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.cs
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\SectionPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\SectionPage.g.cs
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.cs
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\SectionPage.xaml
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\SectionPage.xbf
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\HubPage.xaml
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xaml
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\HubPage.xbf
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\Dastan.WindowsPhone.exe
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\Dastan.WindowsPhone.pdb
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AdMediator.Core.dll
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AdMediator.WindowsPhone81.dll
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.Common.winmd
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.Common.xml
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.Display.winmd
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.Display.xml
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.UI.winmd
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.UI.xml
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\Dastan.WindowsPhone.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\Dastan.WindowsPhone.exe
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\Dastan.WindowsPhone.pdb
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\HubPage.xbf
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\SectionPage.xbf
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Dastan.WindowsPhone.xr.xml
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Dastan.WindowsPhone.exe
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Dastan.WindowsPhone.pdb
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Dastan.WindowsPhone.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.Common.winmd
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.Common.xml
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.Display.winmd
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.Display.xml
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.UI.winmd
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.UI.xml
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.cs
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\SectionPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\SectionPage.g.cs
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.cs
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\HubPage.xaml
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\SectionPage.xaml
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xaml
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\HubPage.xbf
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\SectionPage.xbf
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\GitHub\Master\Master\Dastan\Dastan\Dastan.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
