c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\Bin\Debug\PivotApp1.dll
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\Bin\Debug\PivotApp1.pdb
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\Bin\Debug\PivotApp1_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\obj\Debug\PivotApp1.g.resources
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\obj\Debug\PivotApp1.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\obj\Debug\PivotApp1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\obj\Debug\PivotApp1.dll
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\obj\Debug\PivotApp1.pdb
c:\users\hamedsa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\obj\Debug\khoresht\First.g.cs
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\obj\Debug\RecipePage.g.cs
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\obj\Debug\about.g.cs
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\obj\Debug\ExtendedSplashScreen.g.cs
C:\Users\hamedsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PivotApp1\PivotApp1\obj\Debug\Search.g.cs
